data/apigroups/acme.cert-manager.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/apigee.google.com/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/app.coreos.com/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/ark.heptio.com/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/authentication.istio.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/autoscaling.internal.knative.dev/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/await.argoproj.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/bitnami.com/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/cdap.cdap.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: other
data/apigroups/cert-manager.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/certmanager.k8s.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/channels.knative.dev/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/cloud.google.com/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: other
data/apigroups/cluster.x-k8s.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/cm.bitnami.com/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/config.istio.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/configuration.konghq.com/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/container.cnrm.cloud.google.com/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/csi.storage.k8s.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/dashboard.k8s.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/dashboard.tekton.dev/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/dex.coreos.com/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/dynatrace.com/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/elasticsearch.k8s.elastic.co/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/eventing.knative.dev/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/example.heptio.com/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/federation.knative.dev/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/federation.kubeless.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/foghorn.jenkins.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/gateway.kyma-project.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/helm.bitnami.com/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/helm.integrations.flux.weave.works/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/infinispan.banzaicloud.com/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/installer.istio.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/installer.kyma-project.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/jaegertracing.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/kafka.strimzi.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/kubeflow.kubeflow.org/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/kubeflow.org/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/kubeless.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/kvo.coreos.com/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/linkerd.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/logstash.k8s.elastic.co/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: other
data/apigroups/networking.gke.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/networking.internal.knative.dev/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: other
data/apigroups/networking.istio.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/nfscontroller.k8s.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/openconnectors.incubator.kyma-project.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/ray.kubeflow.org/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/rbac.istio.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/release.kyma-project.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/security.banzaicloud.com/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/security.istio.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/snapshot.storage.k8s.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/sources.eventing.knative.dev/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/sources.knative.dev/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/sources.kyma-project.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/spark.k8s.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/sparkoperator.k8s.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/tco.coreos.com/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/tekton.dev/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: other
data/apigroups/tenant.multitenant.k8s.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/testing.argoproj.io/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/traefik.containo.us/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
data/apigroups/wildfly.banzaicloud.com/groupdef.yaml : Invalid license: None
